Empress Dowager, may you be well.
Your Majesty, may you have blessings.
Mother, Consort De has come to accompany you.
Is there still official business to attend to?
If not, I'll take my leave for now.
Your Majesty should also take care of your health.
Previously, due to Consort Rong,
the Empress Dowager and the Emperor
were already at odds, right?
Consort De is here again?
This is all part of my duties.
Hmm.
Your Majesty, why have you come today?
The Emperor has come to discuss the matter of establishing a consort.
Now that the epidemic in the south has been controlled,
the Emperor wishes to make Consort Rong the Empress after the epidemic ends.
What do you think, Your Majesty?
I am old now.
If the Emperor truly loves Consort Rong,
then let him be.
During this period,
I have observed carefully.
Consort Rong
is indeed very different from the previous Consort Yan.
Consort De, I can have the Emperor grant you the title of Consort.
But do not hope for the position of Empress.
I will follow Your Majesty’s arrangement.
Why has this old woman become so clear-headed today?
If you continue to be so muddled after learning from me,
don’t blame me for being rude.
Hmph.
Your Majesty, Nurse Jiang has arrived.
This old servant greets Your Majesty. Nurse, do not need to be formal.
Please sit quickly.
Mengmeng, I’m relieved you’re here.
You are my reassurance.
Rest assured, Your Majesty.
This old servant will definitely do my best.
I wish you success soon.
This old servant has prepared the honey medicine.
Just drop it into the tea,
and let the Empress Dowager drink it.
She will then be under your control.
She will follow your every command.